"Whenever there is a meeting, a parting is sure to follow. Whether a parting be forever or merely for a short time... that is up to you." -Happy Mask Salesman (Majora's Mask)

"One always dies too soon – or two late. And yet one's whole life is complete at that moment, with a line drawn neatly under it, ready for the summing up. You are – your life, and nothing else." -Jean-Paul Sarte (No Exit)

"A man is what he will himself to be." -Jean-Paul Sarte (No Exit)

"No one is ever the same thing again after anything. You are never the same twice. And much of your unhappiness comes from trying to pretend that you are. Accept that you are different each day and do so joyfully recognizing it for the gift it is. Work with them desires and goals of the person you are currently until you arent that person anymore and everything changes once again." -Cecil (welcome to Night Vale ep 75)

"One is too many and a thousand is never enough [in ref to addiction]" -colloquialism ()

"Grief is just love without a home" -unknown ()

"What is the use of nostalgia for what didn't happen when we have to live with what did?" -Cecil Baldwin (Welcome to Night Vale ep73)

"Do not lose time on daily trivialities. Do not dwell on petty detail. For all of these things melt away, and drift apart within the obscure traffic of time. Live well, and live broadly. You are alive and living now. Now is the envy of all of the dead." -Emily (World of Tomorrow)

"I am very proud of my sadness because it means I am more alive." -Emily (World of Tomorrow)

"That is the thing about the present. You only appreciate it when it is the past." -Emily (World of Tomorrow)

"almost always we are all experiencing the same problems as everyone else, and pretending we don't so that everyone of us thinks we are alone." -Josie (Welcome to Night Vale p59)

"There is nothing more lonely than an action taken quietly on your own, and nothing more comforting than doing that same quiet action in parallel with fellow humans doing the same action, everyone alone next to each other." -Joseph Fink and Jeffrey Cranor (Welcome to Night Vale)

"We can't choose to be healthy, to be attractive, to be talented. But we can choose to like ourselves as we are, whether that includes those blessings or not." -Harold S. Kushner (The Lord is My Shepherd 160)

"Love is never a matter of knowing someone for favors done. Love his way of saying, I know all of your good qualities and all of your exasperating qualities, and because I like who I am when I am with you and I like who we are when we are together, I buy the package." -Harold S. Kushner (The Lord is My Shepherd 161)

"You don't have to understand the world and everything in it to make it a better place." -Harold S. Kushner (The Lord is My Shepherd 110)

"Everyone you love will hurt you, or be hurt by you, when they or you die." -Harold S. Kushner (The Lord is My Shepherd 93)

"To love someone is to make yourself vulnerable. To love someone is to say to that person, being close to you is so important to me that I will give you the power to hurt me because I trust you not to use that power." -Harold S. Kushner (The Lord is My Shepherd 92)

"The good people, the strong people, dig down deeper and find a better way. They know that when it is hardest to be so is precisely the time you have to be your best." -Jeffrey R. Holland (The Bitter Cup and the Bloody Baptism)

"Funerals are for the living. Revising history only dilutes the lessons we should learn from it." -Father Paul Lantom (Daredevil S2E4)

"There's just this for consolation: an hour here or there when our lives seem, against all odds and expectations, to burst open and give us everything we've ever imagined, though everyone but children (and perhaps even they) knows these hours will inevitably be followed by others, far darker and more difficult. Still, we cherish the city, the morning; we hope, more than anything, for more." -Michael Cunningham (The Hours)

"Reality does not tend to coincide with forecasts about it." -Jorge Luis Borges (Ficciones p145)

"what one man does is something done, and some measure, but all men." -Jorges Luis Borges (Ficciones p120)

"To think is to forget a difference, to generalize, to abstract." -Jorges Luis Borges (Ficciones p115)

"The never changing rooftops feel the window, and the hazy 6 o'clock sun hung in the sky. It seemed incredible but this day, a day without warnings or omens, might be that of my implacable death." -Jorges Luis Borges (Ficciones p90)

"I reflected that all things happen, happen to one, precisely now. Century follow century, and things happen only in the present. There are countless men in the air, on Landon at sea, and all that really happens happens to me." -Jorges Luis Borges (Ficciones p90)

"mirrors and fatherhood are abominable because they multiply it and extend it." -Jorges Luis Borges (Ficciones p18)

"There is something ominous behind the silence... There is nothing to fear from someone who shouts." -Mother Kite (Things Fall Apart p140)

"For whom is it well, for whom is it well? There is no one for whom it as well." -Song sung when a woman dies (Things Fall Apart p135)

"A man who makes trouble for others is also making it for himself." -Tortoise (Things Fall Apart p97)

"It is more difficult and more bitter when a man fails alone." -Unoka (Things Fall Apart p25)

"An objective fact is always also a subjective one," -Julia Cassaniti (Living Buddhism p185)

"Anicca... Do you know that word? It means impermanence. Everything changes. Nothing is permanent." -Moh Bom (Living Buddhism p172)

"I made merit well in my last life, so now I'm here... And I've had the chance to meet you. That's from my merit." -Mar Daeng (Living Buddhism p152)

"Ask not the sparrow how the eagle soars." -Kiryuin Satsuki (Kill la Kill ep3)

"All a man can do is choose the sin he's most satisfied with." -Marquess Casel (Gate Ep21)

"Travellers with closed minds can tell us little except about themselves." -Chinua Achebe (An Image of Africa)

"If you're going to do something, do it for someone who's alive. Nothing good comes from dragging your past with you." -Minene Uryu (Mirai Nikki)

"isn't it funny how the most unforgettable scenes can be so trivial?" -Kousei Arima(your lie in April)

"even in the depths of the darkest oceans, some light always pierces through." -Kousei Arima(your lie in April)

"Nature's chief masterpiece is writing well." -Alexander Pope (essay on criticism)

"Fear not the anger of the wise to raise; those best can bear reproof, who merit praise." -Alexander Pope (essay on criticism)

"be silent always when you doubt your sense; and speak, though sure, with seeming diffidence;" -Alexander Pope (essay on criticism)

"to what base ends, and by what abject ways, are mortals urged through sacred lust of praise!" -Alexander Pope (essay on criticism)

"To err is human, to forgive, divine." -Alexander Pope (essay on criticism)

"true ease in writing comes from Art, not chance, as those move easiest who have learned to dance." -Alexander Pope (essay on criticism)

"A little learning is a dangerous thing; drink deep, or taste not the Pierian spring." -Alexander Pope (essay on criticism)

"trust not yourself; but your defects to know, make use of every friend – and every foe." -Alexander Pope (essay on criticism)

"Pride, were wit fails, steps in to our defense, and fills up all the mighty void of sense." -Alexander Pope (essay on criticism)

"For wit and judgment often are at strife, though meant each other's aide, like man and wife." -Alexander Pope (essay on criticism)

"All fools have still an itching to deride," -Alexander Pope (essay on criticism)

"In search of wit these lose their common sense, and then turn critics in their own defense." -Alexander Pope (essay on criticism)

"The more modesty with which such a one is endued, the more he is in danger of submitting and conforming to others, against his own better judgment." -Alexander Pope (preface to the works of Shakespeare)

"Flattery is the bellows blows up sin;" -Helicanus (Pericles A1S2)

"One sin, I know, doth another provoke; Murder's as near to lust as flame to smoke." -Pericles (Pericles A1S1)

"Few love to hear the sins they love to act." -Pericles (Pericles A1S1)

"It must be a sin to tempt God by engaging in rash exploit, from whence there is no escaping without a miracle." -Sancho Panzo (Don Quixote Chapter XX)

"There are people whose theologies I do not share, but I consider their religions to be 'true' when I see the way they live their faith." -Harold S Kushner (The Lord Is My Shepard)

"I don't worry too much about the future, and I don't worry too much about the past. The past is gone, and you can't change, you can't correct it. The future, you can anticipate, but you can't necessarily do very much about it. It is the present you have to deal with." -Gordon B. Hinckley (Stand a Little Taller)

"Work is the miracle by which talent is brought to the surface and dreams become reality." -Gordon B. Hinckley (Stand A Little Taller)

"Never let perfect be the enemy of good enough." -Casey Neistat (Dec 28 2015)

"Stories give us a false sense of understanding, which inevitably leads us to take bigger risks and urges us to take a stroll on thin ice." -Rolf Dobelli (The Art of Thinking Clearly)

"You have not failed until you quit trying." -Gordon B. Hinckley (Stand a Little Taller 325)

"If you want to keep a secret you must also hide it from yourself. You must know all the while but it is there, but until it is needed you must never let it emergent your consciousness in any shape that could be given a name." -George Orwell (1984 281)

"No man or woman proceed alone. All of us are largely the products of the lives of which touch upon our lives." -Gordon B. Hinckley (Stand a Little Taller 295)

"It struck him that in moments of crisis, one is never fighting against an external enemy but always against one's own body." -George Orwell (1984 102)

"He thought with a kind of astonishment of the biological uselessness of pain and fear, the treachery of the human body which always freezes into inertia at exactly the moment when a special effort is needed." -George Orwell (1984 102)

"For after all, how do we know that two and two make four? Or that the force of gravity works? Or that the past is unchangeable? If both the past and the external world exist only in the mind, and if the mind itself is controllable- what then?" -George Orwell (1984 80)

"Love, hope, compassion… this is what people say souls are made of. The absolute nature of 'souls' is unknown. After all, humans have proven their souls don't need these things to exist." -Library (Undertale)

"[The diary] was if it's nature impossible. Either the future would resemble the present, in which case it would not listen to him, or it would be different from it, and his predicament would be meaningless." -George Orwell (1984 7)

"The meaning of your life is to help others find the meaning of theirs." -Viktor E. Frankl (Man's Search For Meaning 165)

"It is true that [Saints/Decent people] form a minority. More than that, they always will remain a minority. And yet I see there in the very challenged to join the minority. For the world is in a bad state, but everything will become still worse unless each of us does his best." -Viktor E. Frankl (Man's Search For Meaning 154)

"There's no reason to pity old people. Instead, young people should envy them. It is true that the old have no opportunities, no possibilities in the future. But they have more than that. Instead of possibilities in the future, they have realities in the past – the potentialities they have actualized, things that the field, the values they have realized – and nothing and nobody can ever remove these assets from the past." -Viktor E. Frankl (Man's Search For Meaning 151)

"What [man] becomes- within the limits of endowment and environment- he has made out of himself. Man has both potentialities within himself; which one is actualized depends on decisions but not on conditions." -Viktor E. Frankl (Man's Search For Meaning 134)

"Freedom, however, is not the last word. Freedom is only part of the story and half of the truth. Freedom is but the negative aspect of the whole phenomenon who's positive aspect is responsible this. In fact, freedom is in danger of generating into mirror arbitrariness unless it is lived in terms of responsibleness." -Viktor E. Frankl (Man's Search For Meaning 132)

"How can we dare to predict the behavior of man? We may predict the movements of a machine, more than this we may even try to predict the mechanisms of the human psyche. But man is more than psyche." -Viktor E. Frankl (Man's Search For Meaning 132)

"Love is the only way to grasp another human being in the innermost core of his personality. No one can become fully aware of the very essence of another human being unless he loves him. By his love he is enabled to see the essential traits and features in the beloved person; and even more, he sees that which is potential in him, which is not yet actualized but yet ought to be actualized. Furthermore, by his love, the loving person enables the beloved person to actualize these potentialities. By making him aware of what he can be and of what he should become, he makes these potentialities come true." -Viktor E. Frankl (Man's Search For Meaning)

"The more one forgets himself- by giving himself to a cause to serve or another person to love- the more human he is." -Viktor E. Frankl (Man's Search For Meaning 111)

"A man who becomes conscious of the responsibility he bears toward a human being who affectionately wait for him, or to an unfinished work, will never be able to throw away his life. He knows the 'why' for his existence, and will be able to bear almost any 'how.'" -Viktor E. Frankl (Man's Search For Meaning)

"There was no need to be ashamed of tears, for tears bore witness that a man had the greatest of courage, the courage to suffer." -Viktor E. Frankl (Man's Search For Meaning)

"[Man] will have to accept his suffering as his task; his single and unique task. She will have to acknowledge the fact that you've been in suffering he is unique and alone in the universe. One can relieve him of his suffering or suffer in his place. Is unique opportunity lies in the way in which he bears his burden." -Viktor E. Frankl (Man's Search For Meaning)

"It did not really matter what we expected from life, but rather what life expected from us." -Viktor E. Frankl (Man's Search For Meaning)

"It is [the] exceptionally difficult external situation which gives man the opportunity to grow spiritually beyond himself." -Viktor E. Frankl (Man's Search For Meaning)

"Fundamentally, any man can, even under such circumstances, decide what shall become of him – mentally and spiritually." -Viktor E. Frankl (Man's Search For Meaning)

"To draw an analogy: A man's suffering is similar to the behavior of gas. If a certain quantity of gas is pumped into an empty chamber, it will fill the chamber completely and evenly, no matter how big the chamber. The suffering completely fills the human soul and conscious mind, no matter whether the suffering is great or little. Therefore the 'size' of human suffering is absolutely relative." -Viktor E. Frankl (Man's Search For Meaning)

"In a position of utter desolation, when man cannot express himself in positive action, when his only achievement may consist in enduring his sufferings in the right way- an honorable way- in such a position man can, through loving contemplation of the image he carries of his beloved, achieve fulfillment." -Viktor E. Frankl (Man's Search For Meaning)

"Don't aim at success- the more you aim at it and make it a target, the more you are going to miss it. For success, like happiness, cannot be pursued; it must ensue, and it only does so as the unintended side-effect of one's dedication to a cause greater than oneself. Listen to what your conscience commands you to do and go on to carry it out to the best of your knowledge. Then you will live to see in the long run- in the long run I say!- success will follow you precisely because you had forgotten to think of it." -Viktor E. Frankl (Man's Search For Meaning Preface)

"Suffering in and of itself is meaningless; we give our suffering meaning by the way in which we respond to it." -Harold S. Kushner (Man's Search For Meaning Foreword)

"The world isn't just the way it is. It is how we understand it, no? And in understanding something, we bring something to it, no? Doesn't that make life a story?" -Yann Martel (Life of Pi 380)

"Time is an illusion that only makes us pant." -Yann Martel (Life of Pi)

"To choose doubt as a philosophy of life is akin to choosing immobility as a means of transportation." -Yann Martel (Life of Pi)

"If you stumble about believability, what are you living for? Love is hard to believe, ask any lover. Life is hard to believe, ask any scientist. God is hard to believe, ask any believer. What is your problem with hard to believe?" -Yann Martel (Life of Pi)

"Some would say the most beautiful thing on our dark earth is an army of calvary, others of infantry, others of ships, but I say it's whatever a person loves." -Sappho ()

"Writing gave us the power to reach across the millennia and speak inside the heads of the living." -Neil Degrasse Tyson (Cosmos S1E11)

"Faith isn't an argument." -Ramon Silva (House S7E8)

"For every product of beauty and progress created by mankind, there have also been deplorable atrocities." -Frank W. Fox & Clayne L. Pope (City Upon A Hill 2)

"Moral reflection is not a solitary pursuit but a public endeavor. We cannot discover the meaning of justice or the best way to live through introspection alone." -Michael J. Sandel (Justice 28-29)

"To 'go and do' is much less tiring than to 'sit and stew.'" -John Bytheway (When Times Are Tough 150)

"No pain that we suffer, no trial that we experience is wasted." -Orson F. Whitney ()

"People respect science because it works." -Preface (Physical Science 4th Edition)

"What we control, is our actions once fate puts us there." -Juliette (Wool 375)

"You donmt need to win anyonems heart. You just need to ask for it." -Remy Hadley (House S6E18)

"All this fictional stuff is like an immunization against reality. It makes people think they know things that they don't know and it enables them to have a kind of superficial quasi-sophistication and cynicism which is just a thin layer beyond which they're not cynical at all." -Eric Olson (The Men Who Stare at Goats)

"Successes only last until someone screws them up. Failures are forever." -Greg House (House S6E2)

"Life is a mystery to be lived, not a problem to be solved." -Unknown (Round Ireland with a fridge by Tony Hawks)

"'If onlys' are inevitable, an inescapable part of life. The trick is to be masters of our own destiny in so far as we have control, and take the rest on the chin with a wry smile." -Tony Hawks (Round Ireland with a fridge)

"A lethargy thrummed through me, and I dreamed that someone pointed at my body dead on the floor and said 'It's dead.' What frightened me was not my death, but that pronoun. 'I' had become an 'it.'" -Charles Baxter (The Cousins)

"There's no profit in dwelling on the foolishness of one's youth. Everyone's past is a mess." -Charles Baxter (The Cousins)

"Happiness came only to those who never asked for it." -Charles Baxter (Mr. Scary)

"Strange how one's heart could lift sometimes for no particular reason." -Charles Baxter (Mr. Scary)

"The sovereign power of nonsensical compliments: a woman never had any defenses against them." -Charles Baxter (Ghosts)

"There are no devils anymore. There are only people who are messed up and have to spread it around. And they're everywhere." -Edward Augenblick (Ghosts)

"Death is such a cliché. It's so retro. It's for kids and old people. It's an adolescent thing. You can do better than dying." -Charles Baxter (Ghosts)

"it takes a minimum of 60 years' experience to recognize how useful and necessary talking to oneself actually is. When you were young, it just seems like a crazy habit." -Charles Baxter (Horace and Margaret's Fifty-Second)

"Never forget why you are teaching – to have an impact!" -Brad Wilcox (The Continuous Atonement for teens 152)

"Look at the marble. Isn't it beautiful? What makes it beautiful is not that it is free from imperfections. If it were clear and white, with no flaws, it would look plastic and artificial. The marble is beautiful and useful because of the dark veins, not in spite of them." -Brad Wilcox (The Continuous Atonement for teens)

"People who love books don't have any spare time." -Brad Wilcox (The Continuous Atonement for teens)

"You can't plow a field simply by turning it over in your mind." -Gordon B. Hinckley (Stand a Little Taller)

"In our day, those found in dishonesty aren't put to death, but something within them dies. Conscience chokes, character withers, self-respect vanishes, and integrity dies. Without honesty, our lives disintegrate into ugliness, chaos, and a lack of any kind of security and confidence." -Gordon B. Hinckley (Stand a Little Taller)

"Cynics do not contribute, skeptics do not create, doubters do not achieve." -Bryant Hinckley (Stand a Little Taller)

"Believe in yourself. Believe in your capacity to do great and good and worthwhile things. There is something of divinity within you, something that stands high and tall and noble. Get above the dirt and the filth of the earth and walk on a higher plane with your head up, believing in yourself and in your capacity to act for good in the world and make a difference." -Gordon B. Hinckley (Stand a Little Taller)

"I feel sorry for anyone who is in a place where he feels strange and stupid." -Jonas (The Giver p8)

"Men and women who carry heavy responsibility do not need criticism, they need encouragement. One can disagree without being disagreeable." -Gordon B. Hinckley (Stand a Little Taller)

"There must be a purpose in our lives. We are here to accomplish something, to bless society with our talents and our learning. There can be fun, yes. But there must be a recognition of the fact that life is serious, that the risks are great, but that we can overcome them if we will discipline ourselves and seek the unfailing strength of the Lord." -Gordon B. Hinckley (Stand a Little Taller)

"With responsibility comes growth." -Gordon B. Hinckley (Stand a Little Taller)

"Without us, Earth will abide and endure; without her, however, we could not even be." -Alan Weisman (The World Without Us 369)

"We take care of our bodies to live a longer life. We should do the same for the world. If we cherish it, make it last as long as possible, we can postpone the judgment day." -Abdülhamit Çakmut (The World Without Us 347)

"After we intone sacred words about dust returning to dust, we ambivalently place bodies in the ground, yet go to extraordinary lengths to seal them away from it." -Alan Weisman (The World Without Us 303)

"Archaeology isn't about glittery objects- it's about their context. We're part of the context. It's our workers whose fields are burning, it's their children who have malaria. We come to study ancient civilization, but we end up learning about now." -Arthur Demarest (The World Without Us 287)

"To imagine our big, overwhelming civilization really ending- forgotten under layers of dirt and earthworms- is as hard for us as picturing the edge of the universe." -Alan Weisman (The World Without Us 286)

"Typical human activity is more devastating to biodiversity and abundance of local flora and fauna then the worst nuclear power plant disaster." -Robert Baker & Ronald Chesser (The World Without Us 276)

"We don't actually have to shoot songbirds to remove them from the sky. Take away enough of their home or sustenance, and they fall dead on their own." -Alan Weisman (The World Without Us 83)

"More than once, crazy, stubborn hope has inspired creative strokes that snatched people from ruin." -Alan Weisman (The World Without Us)

"High school is not destiny. It's part of life, but I feel like when you're in high school, people act like it's the most important thing you'll ever do,and the whole course of your life is being decided. But at least so far as I can tell, the course of your life isn't decided - ever. Most of the time it's not like there's one fork in the road and you choose one or you choose the other. There are hundreds of forks in the road every day that you're alive." -John Greene (Who I Was In High School)

"The errors of the gentleman are like eclipses of the sun and moon. When he errs everyone observed him; and when he makes a correction, everyone looks up to him." -Zigong (Analects Book 19:21)

"The errors of a small man are always glossed over." -Zixia (Analects Book 19:8)

"If one studies widely and is sincere in one's purpose, and if one inquires earnestly and reflects on what is at hand, then humaneness is to be found among such activities." -Zixia (Analects Book 19:6)

"If someone grasps hold of virtue but does not hold it firmly and believes in the Way but is not convinced, how can he be regarded as possessing them [or not]?" -Zizhang (Analects Book 18:2)

"Songs nay help one to be stimulated, to observe, to be sociable, and to express grievances." -Confucius (Analects Book 17:8)

"If you aren't prepared to look stupid, then nothing great is ever going to happen." -Henry Arrington (House S2E14)

"Gentlemen do not reject what is said because of who said it." -Confucius (Analects Book 15:23)

"What the gentleman seeks in himself the small man seeks in others." -Confucius (Analects Book 15:21)

"The gentleman is pained at the lack of ability within himself; he is not pained at the fact that others do not appreciate him." -Confucius (Analects Book 15:19)

"I can do nothing at all for someone who does not [ask]." -Confucius (Analects Book 15:16)

"Rare are those who understand virtue." -Confucius (Analects Book 15:4)

"Suffering exist[s] even for the gentleman- [but] the gentleman remains firm in the face of suffering, but if the small man suffers, he is carried away on a flood of excess." -Confucius (Analects Book 15:2)

"When one is immodest in speaking about something, carrying it out is difficult." -Confucius (Analects Book 14:20)

"To avoid resentment when one is poor is difficult, but to avoid arrogance when one is rich is easy." -Confucius (Analects Book 14:10)

"The gentleman is dignified but not arrogant." -Confucius (Analects Book 13:26)

"If one cannot rectify one's own character, what has one to do with rectifying others?" -Confucius (Analects Book 13:13)

"if one's character is rectified, then things will get done without orders being issued." -Confucius (Analects Book 13:6)

"Armies can be robbed of their commander, but an ordinary person cannot be robbed of their purpose." -Confucius (Analects Book 9:26)

"Regard loyalty and good faith as your main concern. Do not make friends of those who are not up to your own standard. If you commit a fault, do not shrink from correcting it." -Confucius (Analects Book 9:25)

"Can one avoid concurring with exemplary sayings? But to make them the basis of self-improvement is considered the most valuable thing. Can one of void being pleased with blandishments? But to unravel the motivation is considered the most valuable thing. If someone is pleased but does not unravel the motivation, concurs but does not improve himself, I can do nothing for him at all." -Confucius (Analects Book 9:24)

"Even if one had talents as attractive as the Duke, supposing one were also as arrogant and mean, the rest of one's qualities would simply not be worthy of notice." -Confucius (Analects Book 8:11)

"The people may be made to follow something, but may not be made to understand it." -Confucius (Analects Book 8:9)

"The public servant must be broad shouldered and stouthearted. His burden is heavy and his way islong. For humaneness is the burden he has taken on himself; is it not true that it is a heavy one to bear? Only with death does his journey end; is it not true that he has far to go?" -Master Zeng (Analects Book 8:7)

"I am fortunate. If I have faults, other people are certain to be aware of them." -Confucius (Analects Book 7:31)

"Is humaneness really so far away? If we ourselves wanted humaneness, thank you humaneness would arrive." -Confucius (Analects Book 7:30)

"Surely there are people who achieve something without knowledge, but I for my part like this characteristic." -Confucius (Analects Book 7:28)

"When I walk with two others, I always receive instruction from them. I selected the good qualities and copy them, and improve on their bad qualities." -Confucius (Analects Book 7:22)

"I am not one who knew about things of birth; I am one who threw my admiration of antiquity is keen to discover things." -Confucius (Analects Book 7:20)

"Even in the midst of eating course rice and drinking water and using a bent arm for a pillow happiness is Shirley to be found; riches and honor is acquired by unrighteous means are to me like the floating clouds." -Confucius (Analects Book 7:16)

"I would not [travel] with anyone who had no regrets if he died tackling a tiger with his bare hands or crossing the yellow river without a boat. What would be necessary would be someone who was apprehensive when approaching a task and liked achieving success through planning." -Confucius (Analects Book 7:11)

"Set your heart on the Way, bass yourself on virtue, rely on humaneness, and take your relaxation in the arts." -Confucius (Analects Book 7:6)

"The failure to cultivate virtue, the failure to put into practice what I have learned, hearing what is right and being unable to move towards it, being unable to change what is not good – these are my worries." -Confucius (Analects Book 7:3)

"I silently accumulate knowledge of things; when I study, I do not get bored; and teaching others I do not grow weary – for these things surely present me with no difficulty." -Confucius (Analects Book 7:2)

"Now the humane man, wishing himself to be established, sees that others are established, and wishing himself to be successful, sees that others are successful. To be able to take one's own familiar feelings as a guide may definitely be called the method of humaneness." -Confucius (Analects Book 6:30)

"Those who understand a thing or not equal to those who are fond of it, and those who are fond of it or not equal to those who delight in it." -Confucius (Analects Book 6:20)

"I have never come across anyone capable of discerning his errors and inwardly bringing himself to justice." -Confucius (Analects Book 5:27)

"The gentleman collects friends through culture, and through his friend supports humaneness." -Master Zeng (Analects Book 12:24)

"If you desire good, the people will be good. The nature of the gentleman is as the wind, and the nature of the small man is as the grass. When the wind blows over the grass and always bends." -Confucius (Analects Book 12:19)

"To govern means to correct." -Confucius (Analects Book 12:17)

"The gentleman brings to completion of fine qualities in others and does not bring to completion the bad qualities and others. The small man does the opposite of this." -Confucius (Analects Book 12:16)

"Culture is just as important as the stuff one is made of, and the stuff one is made of is just as important as culture." -Zigong (Analects Book 12:8)

"If slanders which gradually seep in or accusations like flesh wounds do not get anywhere with one, one may definitely be called intelligent." -Confucius (Analects Book 12:6)

"Do not impose on others what you would not like yourself. Then there will be no resentment against you, either in the state or in the family." -Confucius (Analects Book 12:2)

"Don't be too sure of yourself. No matter how smart or well educated you are, you can be deceived." -James Randi (An Honest Liar)

"This is what it means to be an honest liar. It's the difference between using deception to conceal the truth and using deception to reveal the truth." -Jamy Swiss (An Honest Liar)

"People think they believe what they choose to believe. We don't. People mostly believe what they need to believe." -Jamy Swiss (An Honest Liar)

"The easiest way to be bigger than yourself is to lie." -Penn Jillette (An Honest Liar)

"We are conditioned to believe that things that look like documentaries, which are not factual must essentially be true or it wouldn't be presented as if it were factual." -James Randi (An Honest Liar)  

"Virtue is not solitary. It is bound to have neighbors." -Confucius (Analects Book 4:25)

"The gentleman wishes to be slow in speech but prompt in action." -Confucius (Analects Book 4:24)

"There are few indeed who fail in something through exercising restraint." -Confucius (Analects Book 4:23)

"One is not worried about not holding position; one is worried about how one may for oneself for appointment. One is not worried that nobody knows one; one seeks to become fit to be known." -Confucius (Analects Book 4:14)

"The gentleman cherishes the rigors of the law, but the small man cherishes leniency." -Confucius (Analects Book 4:11)

"In his attitude to the world of the gentleman has no antagonisms and no favoritisms. What is right he sides with." -Confucius (Analects Book 4:10)

"People's mistakes all come in the same category in that, if one contemplates a mistake, then one gains an understanding of humaneness." -Confucius (Analects Book 4:7)

"The gentleman never shines humaneness even for the time it takes to finish a meal." -Confucius (Analects Book 4:5)

"Riches and honors - these are what men desire, but if this is not achieved in accordance with the appropriate principles, one does not cling to them." -Confucius (Analects Book 4:5)

"Intolerance when occupying a high position, irreverence when performing ritual, and being unsorrowful in the conduct of mourning – how am I to contemplate these things?" -Confucius (Analects Book 3:26)

"When you do not understand something, to recognize that you do not understand it – that is understanding." -Confucius (Analects Book 2:17)

"If one studies but does not think, one was caught in the trap. If one thinks but does not study, one is in peril." -Confucius (Analects Book 2:15)

"See how he operates, observe what path he follows, examine what you satisfied with, and how can a man remain inscrutable!" -Confucius (Analects Book 2:10)

"One does not worry about the fact that other people do not appreciate one. One worries about not appreciating other people." -Confucius (Analects Book 1:16) 

"[A gentleman] is diligent indeed and cautious in word, and he associates with possessors of the Way and is put right by them. He may simply be said to be fond of learning." -Confucius (Analects Book 1:14)

"If [a gentleman] commits a fault, he should not shrink from correcting it." -Confucius (Analects Book 1:8) 

"Every day I examine my character in three respects: am I disloyal in my designs for others, am I untrustworthy in my dealings with friends, have I failed to practice what is been passed on to me?" -Master Zeng (Analects Book 1:4)

"To learn something and at time practice it- surely that is a pleasure? To have friends coming from distant places- surely that is delightful? But not to be resentful at others failure to appreciate one- surely that is to be a true gentleman?" -Confucius (Analects Book 1:1) 

"When a soldier dons his uniform, he accepts the reality that he might be buried in it." -Furher Bradley (Full Metal Alchemist S2E12)

"Happiness doesn't come as a result of luck or accident. It most certainly doesn't come from having all our wishes come true. Happiness doesn't come from external circumstances. It comes from the inside- regardless of what is happening around us." -Dieter F. Uchtdorf (All Is Well)

"It is one of the great ironies of our age that we are blessed with so much and yet we can be so unhappy." -Dieter F. Uchtdorf (All Is Well)

"Dedication is a talent on its own." -Al (Full metal alchemist brotherhood ep6)

"Food always taste better with guests." -Granny (Full Metal Alchemist Brotherhood ep5)

"Action will instill confidence regardless of how it looks." -Yungtown (Demgames: Mirrors Edge)

"What happiness can possibly be gained by looking away from the truth?" -Narrator (Full Metal Alchemist Ep2)

"You should enjoy the little detours. To the fullest. Because that's where you'll find the things more important than what you want." -Ging Freecs (Hunter x Hunter Ep 148)

"Try not to die until you're dead." -Gyro (Hunter X Hunter Ep136)

"Ever since the dawn of civilization, people have not been content to see events as unconnected and inexplicable. They have craved an understanding of the underlying order in the world. Today we still your turn to know why we are here and where we came from. Humanity's deepest desire for knowledge is justification enough for our continuing quest. And our goal is nothing less than a complete description of the universe we live in." -Stephen Hawking (A Brief History of Time)

"The universe is governed by a set of rational laws that we can discover and understand." -Stephen Hawking (A Brief History of Time)

"In the hands of an incompetent, power brings nothing but ruin." -Meruem (Hunter x Hunter Episode 93)

"Don't let your thoughts run away with you, don't start planning to bail out because you're worried about the future and how much you can take. Don't look ahead to the pain. Just get through the day, and there's a wonderful career ahead of you." -Captain Joe Maguire (Lone Survivor)

"The real battle is won in the mind. It's won by guys who understand their areas of weakness, who sit and think about it, plotting and planning to improve. Attending to the detail. Work on their weaknesses and overcome them. Because they can." -Chief Bob Nielsen (Lone Survivor)

"If you want the details, read books. Books are wonderful. You can learn about how [people] think, behave, and function as a society." -Peggy (Hunter X Hunter S5E4)

"To tell them how to live is to prevent them from living." -End Poem (Minecraft)

"It doesn't matter how you reach a place, as long as you deserve to be there." -Martin Pistorius (Ghost Boy)

"Living life is about taking chances, even if they make you feel afraid." -Martin Pistorius (Ghost Boy)

"It's right to say that people fall in love. We don't glide, slip, or stumble into it. Instead we tumble headfirst from the moment we decide to step off the edge of a cliff with someone and see whether we'll fly together." -Martin Pistorius (Ghost Boy)

"[Understand] how little human wishes really matter: elephants treading their familiar paths to water will trample over people if their path is blocked, and a swarm of bees won't stand for a thieving finger that wants a taste of honey. However important we think we are, we are but a footnote to the natural cycle." -Martin Pistorius (Ghost Boy)

"Families might be the ones who pick us up time and again but strangers can also rescue us- even if they don't know they're doing so." -Martin Pistorius (Ghost Boy)

"We don't need ropes and chains to keep us tethered to this world- even the most insignificant acts can keep us bound to it." -Martin Pistorius (Ghost Boy)

"People who act smart usually fail." -Killua (Hunter X Hunter S4E2)

"The steeper and more dangerous the path, the greater the need for both wit and ignorance to move forward." -Puhat (Hunter X Hunter S4E2)

"[People] that you despise with everything you have [are] driven by the same motive that drives you." -Melody (Hunter X Hunter S3E20) 

"Change is hard to see when it's your own." -Martin Pistorius (Ghost Boy)

"Experience can sometimes blind you." -Zepile (Hunter X Hunter S3E15)

"Dreams can be any size you want them to be. But the important thing is that you have one that is yours." -Dr. Diane Bryen (Ghost Boy)

"If someone does not expect or is not expected to achieve, then they never will." -Dr. Diane Bryen (Ghost Boy)

"Loneliness was perhaps the most terrifying; I always knew that she could slowly suck the life out of me even as I sat in a room surrounded by people." -Martin Pistorius (Ghost Boy)

"[Imagination] was my greatest gift: it was the key that unlocked my prison and allowed me to escape, the door through which I entered new worlds and conquered them - the place where I was free." -Martin Pistorius (Ghost Boy)

"People don't realize how a man's whole life can be changed by one book." -Malcolm X (The Autobiography of Malcolm X)

"It is only after the deepest darkness that the greatest joy can come." -Malcolm X (The Autobiography of Malcolm X)

"No man is given but so much time to accomplish whatever is his life's work." -Malcolm X (The Autobiography of Malcolm X)

"...pilgrims from every land – every color, and class, and rank; high officials and the beggar alike - all snore in the same language." -Malcolm X (The Autobiography of Malcolm X)

"Once he is motivated, no one can change more completely than the man who has been at the bottom." -Malcolm X (The Autobiography of Malcolm X)

"Love transcends just the physical. Love is disposition, behavior, attitude, thoughts, likes, dislikes – these things make a beautiful woman a beautiful wife. This is the beauty that never fades." -Malcolm X (The Autobiography of Malcolm X)

"No matter your pain... you are not alone. You live, you fight, and you punch life in the face if you must-- but you don't give up." -Rob Dyke (2015-01-04 tweet)

"What have so many people been through that makes them so terrified of relationships and people that they just don't want nothing to do with nobody?" -Obediah (Homeless guy spits some truth)

"It don't matter if you're atheist or spiritual to know that every living thing is practically a miracle." -The Warp Zone (Snack Break)

"I don't respect them because it seems to me that most of their time was spent arguing about things that are not really important." -Malcolm X (The Autobiography of Malcolm X)

"The ability to read awoke inside me some long dormant craving to be mentally alive. My homemade education gave me, with every additional book that I read, a little bit more sensitivity to the deafness, dumbness, and blindness that was afflicting [me]. You will never catch me with a free 15 minutes in which I'm not studying something." -Malcolm X (The Autobiography of Malcolm X)

"The hardest thing, also the greatest thing, for any human being to do; to except that which is already with in you, and around you." -Malcolm X (The Autobiography of Malcolm X)

"Only guilt admitted excepts truth." -Malcolm X (The Autobiography of Malcolm X)

"What's the point of being young if you're not going to make new things, I wonder?" -Fran Lebowitz (Elle Mar 24, 2015)

"Never cross a man not afraid to die." -Malcolm X (The Autobiography of Malcolm X)

"In any organization, someone must be the boss. If it's even just one person, you've got to be the boss of yourself." -Malcolm X (The Autobiography of Malcolm X)

"...in order to get something you [have] to look as though you already [have] something." -Malcolm X (The Autobiography of Malcolm X)

"Beyond the shadow you settle for there is a miracle illuminated." -Thomas Zane (Alan Wake)

"Between the way I looked and my style of talk, I made her so nervous and uncomfortable that we we're both glad when I left." -Malcolm X (The Autobiography of Malcolm X)

"I was really a clown, but my ignorance made me think I was 'sharp.'" -Malcolm X (The Autobiography of Malcolm X)

"I couldn't have whipped that man is badly with the club as I had with my mind." -Malcolm X (The Autobiography of Malcolm X)

"...if they gave the brains in their heads just have as much attention as they do their hair, they would be a thousand times better off." -Malcolm X (The Autobiography of Malcolm X)

"A good character is something you must make for yourself. It cannot be inherited from parents. It cannot be created by having extraordinary advantages. It isn’t a gift of birth, wealth, talent, or station. It is the result of your own endeavor. It is the reward that comes from living good principles and manifesting a virtuous and honorable life." -L. Tom Perry (The Joy of Honest Labor)

"There is a real satisfaction that comes from finishing a task, especially when it is the best work we know how to do." -L. Tom Perry (The Joy of Honest Labor)

"I have no mercy or compassion in me for a society that will crush people, and then penalize them for not being able to stand up under the weight." -Malcolm X (The Autobiography of Malcolm X)

"Anytime you find someone more successful than you are, especially when you're both engaged in the same business – you know they're doing something that you aren't." -Malcolm X (The Autobiography of Malcolm X)

"If you see somebody winning all the time, he isn't gambling, he's cheating." -Malcolm X (The Autobiography of Malcolm X)

"...how one lives his or her life today stands as a testament to one's for ever after." -Attallah Shabazz (The Autobiography of Malcolm X)

"People are slaves to whatever has mastered them." -Peter (2 Peter 2:19 NIV)

"Starting is never too late, so no matter how many times it takes, just stand up again." -Ono Masatoshi (Departure)

"For it is better to suffer doing good than doing evil." -Peter (1 Peter 3:17 NIV)

"Your beauty should not come from outward adornment, such as elaborate hairstyles and the wearing of gold jewelry or find clothes. Rather it should be that of your inner self the unfading beauty of a gentle and quiet spirit." -Peter (1 Peter 3:3-4)

"Live as free people, but do not use your freedom as a cover-up for evil." -Peter (1 Peter 2:16 NIV)

"All people are like grass, and all their glory is like the flowers of the field; the grass withers and the flowers fall, but the word endures forever." -Isaiah (Isaiah 40:6-8 NIV) 

"What is your life? You are a mist that appears for a little while and then vanishes." -James (James 4:14 NIV)

"The tounge is a small part of the bost, but it makes great boasts. Consider what a great forest is set on fire by a small spark." -James (James 3:5 NIV)

"Faith by itself, if it is not accompanied by action, is dead." -James (James 2:17 NIV)

"Do not merely listen to the word, and so deceive yourselves. Do what it says. Anyone who listens to the word but does not do what it says is like someone who looks at his face in a mirror and, after looking at himself, goes away and immediately forgets what he looks like." -James (James 1:22-24 NIV)

"Consider it pure joy whenever you face trials of many kinds, because you know that the testing of your faith produces perseverance." -James (James 1:2-3 NIV)

"You must be prepared to face the worst possible scenarios because harsh reality strikes without warning." -Old Lady (Hunter x Hunter S1E2)

"Do not forget to show hospitality to strangers, for by doing so some people have shown hospitality to angels without knowing it." -Paul (Hebrews 13:2 NIV)

"No discipline seems pleasant at the time, but painful. Later on, however, it produces a harvest of righteousness and peace for those who have been trained by it." -Paul (Hebrews 12:11 NIV)

"They went about in sheepskins and goatskins, destitute, persecuted and mistreated-- the world was not worthy of them." -Paul (Hebrews 11:37-38 NIV)

"All these people were still living by faith when they died. They did not receive the things promised; they only saw them and welcomed them from a distance, admitting that they were foreigners and strangers on earth." -Paul (Hebrews 11:13 NIV)

"Now Faith is confidence in what we hope for and assurance about what we do not see." -Paul (Hebrews 11:1 NIV)

"...show this same diligence to the very end, so that what you hope for may be fully realized." -Paul (Hebrews 6:11 NIV)

"But strong meat belongeth to them that are of full age, even those who by reason of use have their senses exercised to discern both good and evil." -Paul (Hebrews 5:18 KJV)

"Because he himself suffered..., he is able to help [others]." -Paul (Hebrews 2:18 NIV)

"No matter who wins or loses, trouble always comes." -Nick Fury (Avengers: Age of Ultron)

"A thing isn't beautiful because it lasts." -Vision (Avengers: Age of Ultron)

"Everyone creates the things they dread." -Ultron (Avengers: Age of Ultron)

"Don't have anything to do with foolish and stupid arguments, because you know they produce quarrels." -Paul (2 Timothy 2:23 NIV)

"Don't let anyone look down on you because you are young, but set an example in speech, in conduct, in love, in faith and purity." -Paul (1 Timothy 4:12 NIV)

"[Adorn yourselves] not with elaborate hairstyles or gold or pearls or expensive clothes, but with good deeds." -Paul (1 Timothy 2:9-10 NIV)

"The law is good if one uses it properly." -Paul (1 Timothy 1:8 NIV)

"The law is not made for the righteous but for lawbreakers and rebels." -Paul (1 Timothy 1:9 NIV)

"If you want to get to know someone, you need to make an effort to learn why they're angry." -Mito-san (Hunter x Hunter S1E1)

"In life, one is always tested." -Portal (Star Trek: The Next Generation S1E4)

"The one who is unwilling to work shall not eat." -Paul (2 Thessalonians 3:10 NIV)

"Do not treat prophecies with contempt but test them all; hold on to what is good." -Paul (1 Thessalonians 5:20-21 NIV)

"Make sure that nobody pays back wrong for wrong, but always strive to do what is good for each other and for everyone else." -Paul (1 Thessalonians 5:15 NIV)

"...warn those who are idle and disruptive, encourage the disheartened, hope the week, be patient with everyone." -Paul (1 Thessalonians 5:14 NIV)

"...acknowledge those Who work hard among you, who care for you and who admonish you. Hold them in the highest regard in the love because of their work." -Paul (1 Thessalonians 5:12-13 NIV)

"Whatever is true, whatever is noble, whatever is right, whatever is pure, whatever is lovely, whatever is admirable- if anything is excellent or praiseworthy- think about such things." -Paul (Philippians 4:8 NIV)

"Fathers, do not exasperate you children." -Paul (Ephesians 6:4 NIV)

"Do not let unwholesome talk come out of your mouth, but only what is helpful for building others up according to their needs, that it may benefit those who listen." -Paul (Ephesians 4:29 NIV)

"Bad company corrupts good character." -Paul (1 Corinthians 15:33)

"Those who think they know something do not yet know is they ought to know." -Paul (1 Corinthians 8:2 NIV)

"I have the right to do anything, you say- but not everything is beneficial." -Paul (1 Corinthians 6:12 NIV)

"Do not deceive yourselves. If any of you think you are wise by the standard of this age, you should become ‟fools” so that you may become wise." -Paul (1 Corinthians 3:18)

"Brothers and sisters, think of what you were when you were called. Not many of you were wiseby human standards; not many were influential; not many were of noble birth. But God chose the foolish things of the world to shame the wise; God chose the weak things of the world to shame the strong." -Paul (1 Corinthians 1:26-27 NIV)

"Therefore let us stop passing judgment on one another. Instead, make up your mind not to put any stumbling block or obstacle in the way of a brother or sister." -Paul (Romans 14:13 NIV)

"Do not be overcome by evil, but overcome evil with good." -Paul (Romans 12:21 NIV)

"Do not conform to the pattern of this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind." -Paul (Romans 12:2 NIV)

"There's no shame in admitting what we don't know. The only shame is pretending to have all the answers." -Neil Degrasse Tyson (Cosmos S1E2)

"Who knows for what we live, and struggle, and died? Who knows what keeps us living and struggling, well all things break about us? ...this, the purpose of our lives, the end of all our struggle, is beyond all human wisdom." -Alan Paton (Cry, The Beloved Country)

"Who indeed knows why there can be comfort in a world of desolation?" -Alan Paton (Cry, The Beloved Country)

"Such is the lot of woman, to carry, to bear, to watch, and to lose." -Alan Paton (Cry, The Beloved Country)

"You can't feel your stomach on privacy." -Alan Paton (Cry, The Beloved Country)

"He is the one the government is afraid of, because he himself is not afraid. He seeks nothing for himself." -Alan Paton (Cry, The Beloved Country)

"I have one great fear in my heart, that one day when they are turned to loving, they will find we are turned to hating." -Alan Paton (Cry, The Beloved Country)

"I see only one hope for our country, and that is when white men and Black men, desiring neither power nor money, but desiring only the good of their country, come together to work for it." -Alan Paton (Cry, The Beloved Country)

"...because our desire is corrupt, we are corrupted, and the power has no heart in it." -Alan Paton (Cry, The Beloved Country)

"It is fear that rules this land." -Alan Paton (Cry, The Beloved Country)

"The tragedy not that things are broken. The tragedy is that they cannot be mended again." -Alan Paton (Cry, The Beloved Country)

"How does one find one's way in such confusion?" -Alan Paton (Cry, The Beloved Country)

"You will grieve, but your grief will turn to joy. A woman giving birth to a child has pain because her time has come; but when her baby was born she forgets the anguish because of her joy. So with you: now is your time of grief, but I will see you again and you will rejoice, and no one will take away your joy." -Jesus (John 16:20-22 NIV)

"All those who exalt themselves will be humbled, and those who humble themselves will be exalted." -Jesus (Luke 14:11 NIV)

"Who of you by worrying can add a single hour to your life? Since you cannot do this very little thing, why do you worry about the rest?" -Jesus (Luke 12:25-26 NIV)

"What good is it for someone to gain the whole world, and yet lose or forfeit their very self?" -Jesus (Luke 9:25 NIV)

"Wisdom is proved right by all her children." -Jesus (Luke 7:35 NIV) 

"Understanding that our understanding might be wrong is essential, and trying to figure out where we may be mistaken is the only way [we can] find our way to the truth." -Phil Plait (Introduction to Astronomy)

"If you're in it for the recognition, I hate to disappoint, but if you're doing it right you'll never get it. We don't remember the form, but we remember the fruit. We don't remember the inventor, but we were remember the boom." -Sifu Hotman (Notches)

"We collectively decide what world we are going to live in by being that world." -Hank Green (Happy Graduation, Future Dead People)

"Be not afraid, only believe." -Jesus (Mark 5:36)

"Consider carefully what you hear. With the measure you use, it will be measured to you." -Jesus (Mark 4:24 NIV)

"If the blind lead the blind, both will fall into a pit." -Jesus (Matthew 15:14 NIV)

"What goes into someone's mouth does not defile them, but what comes out of their mouth, that is what defiles them." -Jesus (Matthew 15:11 NIV)

"Make a tree good and its fruit will be good, or make a tree bad and its fruit will be bad, for a tree is recognized by its fruit." -Jesus (Matthew 12:33 NIV)

"The student is not above the teacher, nor a servant above his master." -Jesus (Matthew 10:24 NIV)

"[Complaining] is embracing an excuse." -Casey Neistat (Vlog 51)

"There's one simple reason why it's never okay to complain: there is always someone who has it worse than you do." -Casey Neistat (Vlog 51)

"Nobody aims at what he thinks he cannot attain." -Aristotle (Rhetoric) 

"No plan survives first contact with the enemy." -Mark Watney (The Martian)

"The worst moments in life are heralded by small observations. The tiny lump on your side that wasn't there before. Coming home to your wife and seeing two wine glasses in the sink. Anytime you hear “we interrupt this program…”" -Mark Watney (The Martian)

"Some advice on keeping secrets: it's a lot easier if you don't know them." -Alan Turing (The Imitation Game)

"Sometimes it is the people who no one imagines anything of who do the things that no one can imagine." -Alan Turing (The Imitation Game)

"All of us have far too much to do to waste our time and energies in criticism, fault-finding, or the abuse of others." -Gordon B. Hinckley (Stand a Little Taller)

"Never discourage initiative, that's my motto!" -Fly Taggart (Doom: Hell on Earth)

"Real knowledge [can] banish fear." -Fly Taggart (Doom: Hell on Earth)

"Part of me hoped [we were too late], part that just wanted to sit down and rest." -Arlene Sanders (Doom: Hell on Earth)

"Optimism is a funny thing, and I may never understand how it so easily trumps reason." -Phillip Sallinger (The Ables)

"Sometimes you don't realize how much you've grown to care about people until something threatens to take them away from you." -Phillip Sallinger (The Ables)

"Leaders have great reasons when things don't work out, but losers just have excuses." -Dilbert's Boss (Dilbert 5-3-15)

"For where your treasure is, there will your heart be also." -Jesus (Matthew 6:21)

"Has a carefully collated series of words ever made you uncertain? Unconfident? Or un, just un? Un, as an adjective unto itself?" -Leonard Burton (Nightvale Ep67)

"Everything old is wonderful. It's a shame anything had to change! I sure do dislike change. The sun has moved in the sky and I distrust it completely." -Leonard Burton (Nightvale Ep 67)

"Forgiveness is far more powerful and fulfilling than anger and revenge." -Mr. Sallinger (The Ables)

"The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes." -Marcel Proust ()

"There are so many wonders in this world. However, sometimes when we have them constantly before our eyes, we take them for granted. We look, but we don’t really see; we hear, but we don’t really listen." -Gérald Caussé (Is It Still Wonderful to You?)

"A hero is only hero because he or she walks into that situation knowing full well they may not walk out. Whether they save the day or die trying their heroes because they make the sacrifice just by showing up." -Mrs. Sallinger (The Ables)

"There is no need in any land for conflict between diverse groups of any kind. There can and must be brotherhood." -Gordon B. Hinckley (Stand a Little Taller)

"Books are only generous to us if we are generous to them." -John Green ()

"The most dangerous thing you can do in life is play it safe." -Casey Neistat (The Most Dangerous Thing)

"The right time is right now." -Casey Neistat (The Most Dangerous Thing)

"Opposition, criticism, and antagonism are companions to the truth. Whenever the truth... is revealed, there will always be a force to oppose it." -Lawrence Cobridge ()

"Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds." -Gordon B. Hinckley (Stand a Little Taller)

"We are creatures of our thinking. We can talk ourselves into defeat or we can talk ourselves into victory." -Gordon B. Hinckley ()

"Being tired means being developed." -Neal A. Maxwell ()

"...the trials [of] life and sin develop spirituality. In this view, the frustrations and feelings of life are really blessings in disguise. We would never become without them." -Alonzo L. Gaskill (Odds Are, You're Going to be Exalted pg 11-12)

"Commandments and trials offer us the experiences necessary to learn the lessons of life and opportunities to develop the attributes of Godhood." -Alonzo L. Gaskill (Odds Are, You're Going to be Exalted pg 11)

"Of the man endowed with many talents greater returns [are] expected." -James E. Talmage ()

"[Stories] are the only thing we have, when everything's said and done. No buildings named after us, no fancy inheritances to leave behind, just... the stories those who were close to us tell to keep us alive. Even if it's just in memory." -Ben Ulrich (Daredevil S1E10)

"We all have things we hold on to, that we don't want anyone to know. But someone always does... Sooner or later." -(Daredevil S1E10)

"It's the execution that matters, never the idea." -Casey Neistat (Vlog_007)

"Never try to pander to an audience. It will never get you anywhere." -Casey Neistat (Vlog_007)

"Smart is making the right decision at the right time." - (Daredevil S1E7)

"All books reveal perfection, by what they are and what they are not." -Christopher Moore (Lamb)

"How [could] the same thing be so ugly and so glorious, and its words and stories so damning and brilliant[?]" -Markus Zusak (The Book Thief pg 550)

"Say something enough times and you never forget it." -Markus Zusak (The Book Thief pg 528)

"I have hated the words and I have loved them, and I hope I have made them right." -Liesel Meminger (The Book Thief pg 528)

"There would be punishment and pain, and there would be happiness, too. That was writing." -Markus Zusak (The Book Thief pg 525)

"There were people everywhere in that city street, but the stranger could not have been more alone if it were empty." -Markus Zusak (The Book Thief pg 473)

"They say the past is etched in stone, but it isn't. It's smoke, trapped in a closed room, swirling, changing, buffeted by the passing of years and wishful thinking. But although our perception of it changes, on thing remains constant. The past can never be completely erased, it lingers." -Wesley (Daredevil)

"A saint is just a sinner who keeps trying." -Nelson Mandela ()

"Many assume belief just happens for people, but untested and untried belief is usually not real belief." -L. Whitney Clayton (LDS Conference April 4th 2015)

"The decision to believe is the most important choice we will ever make- it shapes all other decisions." -L. Whitney Clayton (LDS Conference April 4th 2015)

"Stories, even made up ones, do matter, because they do influence us." -Josh Sundquist (Sheltered Homeschooler reads Harry Potter Bk1)

"Always use the proper name for things. Fear of a name increases the fear of the thing itself." -Albus Dumbledore (Harry Potter Book 1)

"They're strange, those wars. Full of blood and violence – but also full of stories that are equally difficult to fathom." -Markus Zusak (Book Thief)

"The reason we struggle with insecurity is because we compare our behind-the-scenes with everyone else’s highlight reel." -Steve Furtick ()

"One opportunity leads directly to another, just as risk leads to more risk, life to more life, and death to more death." -Markus Zusak (The Book Thief)

"Who can say what valor dwells in the soul unless the test comes? A hero lives in every heart, waiting for the dragon to come out." -Bennacio (The Extraordinary Adventures of Alfred Kropp)

"We fall only that we might rise. All of us fall. Falling is not important. It's how we get up after the fall that's important." -Bennacio (The Extraordinary Adventures of Alfred Kropp)

"In the past, men cast about reasons to believe. Now we find reasons not to." -Bennacio (The Extraordinary Adventures of Alfred Kropp)

"Arrogance assumes nothing is beyond the power of reason." -Bennacio (The Extraordinary Adventures of Alfred Kropp)

"No battle was ever won, no great deed ever accomplished, by wallowing in guilt and grief." -Bennacio (The Extraordinary Adventures of Alfred Kropp)

"Permissiveness never produced greatness." -Gordon B. Hinckley ()

"Fortunately for us, angels do not require our consent in order to exist." -Bennacio (The Extraordinary Adventures of Alfred Kropp)

"Memory isn't everything, just the glue of one's life." -Greg O'Brien (On Pluto)

"While memory offers delineating context and perspective, it doesn't define us. Definition is found in the spirit, in the soul, but one must dig for it." -Greg O'Brien (On Pluto)

"Brain defect and disease is not a mark of intellectual bankruptcy, but often a marker for courage and perseverance." -Greg O'Brien (On Pluto)

"If life is a desire to live in some quality, real or imagined, then one is prolonging life. But if life is fear of death, then one is prolonging death." -Dr. Daley (On Pluto)

"Humility is the desire to improve." -Bro Harper (Seminary 3-23-15)

"Life is like a river: you need to study it as it goes by, then decide the right time to put your feet in the water." -Greg O'Brien's father (On Pluto)

"Just give me the belt. A few stings and it will be over. The sting of disappointment lingered." -Greg O'Brien (On Pluto)

"Forever is a long time, yet in a long-term memory, it's a place of persistent peace, a steadfast mooring when the swift tides of life pull one to treacherous waters where memory implores the brain: forget me not." -Greg O'Brien (On Pluto)

"No great man arrives to the station he's in without facing the same difficulties and trials we all face." -Ken Cordner (Priesthood Meeting 3-22-15)

"Conscious thought is survival; loss of reason is demise." -Greg O'Brien (On Pluto)

"It's fully human to deny what we find unpleasant or chilling, but when the drive-by precludes one from the facts, from facing real life implications, then it's wholly unproductive, a dead end. Akin to saying to one who cannot hear: ‟But you don't look like you're deaf.”" -Greg O'Brien (On Pluto)

"The balance between science and religion constitutes the essence of life, as we all struggle with this." -Greg O'Brien (On Pluto)

"Perseverance separates the artist from the dabbler." -Malcolm Hobbs (On Pluto)

"What is a weed? A plant whose virtues have not yet been discovered." -Ralph Waldo Emerson (Fortune of the Republic)

"Life is no brief candle... It is a sort of splendid torch, which I've got hold of for a moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it to future generations." -George Bernard Shaw ()

"All the darkness in the world cannot snuff out a single candle." -Lisa Genova (On Pluto)

"Nothing is set in stone. Not even who we are- or who we pretend to be." -Socha Definition Video (Dictionary of Obscure Sorrows)

"The habits of a vigorous mind are formed in contending with difficulties." -Abigail Adams (Letter to Son January 1780)

"It is impossible for a man to be saved in ignorance." -Joseph Smith (Doctrine & Covenants 131:6)

"As all have not faith, seek ye diligently and teach one another words of wisdom, yea, seek ye out of the best books words of wisdom, seek learning even by study and also by faith." -Joseph Smith (Doctrine & Covenants 109:7)

"Nothing's ever for sure, that's the only sure thing I know." -Charles (beautiful mind)

"Why clog your brain with a bunch of hypothetical-what-if-bull?" -Archer (S5E7)

"Our fate is merely the construct of others reality." -GameGrumps (WW#36)

"If any man among you be strong, let him take with him him that is weak, that he may be edified in all meekness, that he may become strong also." -Joseph Smith (Doctrine & Covenants 84:106)

"Industry, enthusiasm, and hard work lead to enlightened progress." -Gordon B Hinckley (Stand a Little Taller)

"Seek not to be cumbered." -Joseph Smith (Doctrine & Covenants 66:10)

"He who doeth the works of righteousness shall receive... peace in this world." -Joseph Smith (Doctrine & Covenants 59:23)

"Men should be engaged in a good cause, and do many things of their own free will, and bring to pass much righteousness; for the power is in them, they are agents unto themselves." -Joseph Smith (Doctrine & Covenants 58:27-28)

"For after much tribulation come the blessings." -Joseph Smith (Doctrine & Covenants 58:4)

"[There is a] pattern in all things." -Joseph Smith (Doctrine & Covenants 52:14)

"Pay the debt thou hast contracted... release thyself from bondage." -Joseph Smith (Doctrine & Covenants 19:35)

"We are all capable of exercising self-discipline." -Captain Picard (Star Trek TNG S1E25)

"Success is never final and failure never fatal. It's courage that counts." -George F. Tilton  ()

"Be patient in afflictions, for thou shalt have many; but endure them, for I am with thee even unto the end of thy days." -Joseph Smith (Doctrine & Covenants 24:8)

"By their desires and their works you shall know them." -Joseph Smith (Doctrine & Covenants 18:38)

"If you have not faith, hope, and charity, you can do nothing." -Joseph Smith (Doctrine & Covenants 18:19)

"Arguing should never be necessary." -CTFxC (We need to talk)

"You cannot always tell the wicked from the righteous." -Joseph Smith (Doctrine & Covenants 10:37)

"Do not run faster or labor more than you have strength and means; but be diligent to the end." -Joseph Smith (Doctrine & Covenants 10:4)

"Fear not to do good, for whatsoever ye sow, that shall ye also reap; therefore, if ye sow good ye shall also reap good for your reward." -Joseph Smith (Doctrine & Covenants 6:33)

"Seek not for riches but for wisdom, and behold, the mysteries of God shall be unfolded unto you, and then shall you be made rich." -Joseph Smith (Doctrine & Covenants 6:7)

"You should not have feared man more than God." -Joseph Smith (Doctrine & Covenants 3:7)

"The weak things of the earth shall come forth and break down the mighty and strong ones." -Joseph Smith (Doctrine & Covenants 1:19)

"Every man walketh his own way, after the image of his own God." -Joseph Smith (Doctrine & Covenants 1:16)

"You know all the everyday things that stress you? I don't give a shit about them. There are bigger and worse things that could happen than to have this tiny little problem wreck your life, or even your day. I've seen them. I've lived them." -Chris Kyle (American Sniper)

"There is no reason someone who fought for their country should be homeless or jobless." -Chris Kyle (American Sniper)

"What people need are hand-ups-- a little opportunity and strategic help." -Chris Kyle (American Sniper)

"The single most powerful word in democracy is ‟We.”" -Barack Obama (Address at Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma)

"Unencumbered by what is, you're ready to seize what ought to be." -Barack Obama (Address at Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma)

"Change depends on our actions, our attitudes. The things we teach our children." -Barack Obama (Address at Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma)

"When it comes to the pursuit of justice, we can afford neither complacency nor despair." -Barack Obama (Address at Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma)

"The powerless can change the world's greatest power." -Barack Obama (Address at Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma)

"Selfishness is the antithesis of love." -Gordon B. Hinckley (Stand a little taller)

"It's the idea held by generations of citizens who believe that America is a constant work in progress, who believe loving this country requires more than singing its praises or avoiding uncomfortable truths. It requires the occasional disruption, the willingness to speak out for what is right, to shake up the status quo, thats America." -Barack Obama (Address at Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma)

"Winning isn't necessary because there are so many more things in life. How you take care of the people you live. It's the most important thing ever." -Hyhy (Free to Play)

"Something knocks you down, you need to learn to get up. So that's what I'm trying to do. To learn to get up." -Danil/Dendi (Free to Play)

"You don't have the right to hurt someone else." -Sheri Nuffer ()

"Ninety percent of being cool is looking cool." -Chris Kyle (American Sniper)

"The only winning move is to not play." -Tom 7 (NES playing program)

"Isn't religion supposed to teach tolerance?" -Chris Kyle (American Sniper)

"The only easy day was yesterday." -Navy SEAL motto ()

"I don't care how much money you get, it's not worth it if youre not happy." -Chris Kyles father (American Sniper)

"The most you can hope from [life] is some knowledge of yourself- That comes too late- a crop of indistinguishable regrets." -Marlow (Heart of Darkness)

"Droll thing life is-- that mysterious arrangement of merciless logic for a futile purpose." -Marlow (Heart of Darkness)

"If you want love then the love is gonna come from you." -Bo Burnham (what.)

"Humans make illogical decisions." -Spock (Star Trek IV)

"Logic is the beginning of wisdom, not the end." -Spock (Star Trek VI)

"Genius is not gaged by sexuality or race or nationality or political inflection or spirituality or beliefs... Genius is a gift, from whatever God you do or don't believe in. But there is a power that cannot be denied." -Raggy Ragsdale ()

"How many great minds are wasted because they never got bored enough to enrich themselves or society?" -Noob The Loser Webcomic ()

"When one is young one must see things, gather experience, ideas; enlarge the mind." -Russian Sailor (Heart of Darkness)

"Sometimes they choose well, sometimes they don't. That's what politics is all about." -Thomas Reed (This American Life Ep 549)

"Diagnosing whether your kid needs to  be fed or diapered or rocked isn't what makes you a pro at parenting: it's coping with the stress of getting it wrong. Of feeling like an amateur. Which is going to happen. No matter how much practice you've had." -Hilary Frank (This American Life Ep. 548)

"I don't like work- no man does- but I like what is in the work, the chance to find yourself. Your own reality- what no other man can ever really know." -Marlow (Heart of Darkness)

"No man bears a charmed life." -Mr. Kurtz (Heart of Darkness)

"It is impossible to convey the life-sensation of any given epoch of one's existence- that which makes its truth, its meaning- its subtle and penetrating essence. It is impossible. We live, as we dream-- alone." -Marlow (Heart of Darkness)

"No relation of a dream can convey the dream sensation, that commingling of absurdity, surprise, and bewilderment in a tremor of struggling revolt, that notion of being captured by the incredible which is the very essence of dreams..." -Marlow (Heart of Darkness)

"There is a taint of death, a flavor of mortality in lies." -Marlow (Heart of Darkness)

"There is something after all in the world allowing one man to steal (a horse) while another must not look (at a halter)" -Marlow (Heart of Darkness)

"Who am I to judge another when I walk imperfectly? In the quiet heart is hidden sorrow that the eye can't see." -Susan Evans McCloud (Lord, I Would Follow Thee)

"All victory and glory is brought to pass through diligence" -Joseph Smith (Doctrine & Covenants 103:36)

"By small and simple things are great things brought to pass; and small means in many instances doth confound the wise." -Alma (Alma 37:6)

"If the bitter cup does not pass, drink it and be strong, trusting in happier days ahead." -Jeffery R. Holland (Like a Broken Vessel)

"Charity never faileth." -Paul (1 Corinthians 13:8)

"We are infinitely more than our trials and limitations." -Jeffery Holland (Like a Broken Vessel)

"Hope is never lost." -Jeffery R. Holland (Like a Broken Vessel)

"Your best is good enough." -Sean Collins ()

"Arrogance is ignorance." -Layna Lambourne ()

"People have emotions. It's just a fact of life. People can be weak at times. But that's exactly why people need to trust one another, so they can gain the strength to face themselves... Without trust in others how can you ever hope to face your fears?" -Phoenix Wright (Phoenix Wright: Dual Destinies)

"I want to believe... but what is faith without doubt?" -Apollo Justice (Phoenix Wright: Dual Destinies)

"For whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap." -Paul (Galatians 6:7)

"Indeed, the only truly serious questions are ones that even a child can formulate. Only the most naïve of questions are truly serious." -Milan Kundera (The Unbearable Lightness of Being)

"Comparison is the thief of joy and envy the vandalism of peace." -Satchell Drakes ()

"A true friend is someone you can disagree with and still remain friends. If not, they weren't true friends in the first place." -Amanda Flagg ()

"Work is the process by which dreams become reality. It is the process by which idle visions become dynamic achievements. We are all inherently lazy. We would rather play than work. We would rather loaf than work. A little play and a little loafing are good. But it is work that spells the difference in life. It is stretching our minds and utilizing the skills of our hands that lifts us from the stagnation of mediocrity." -Gordon B. Hinckley (Stand a Little Taller)

"A life is like a garden. Perfect moments can be had, but not preserved, except in memory." -Leonard Nimoy ()

"Art functioning as propaganda is not art." -Leonard Nimoy ()

"Freedom involves attention, and awareness, and discipline, and effort, and being able to truly care about other people and to sacrifice for them, over and over, in myriad petty little unsexy ways, every say. The alternative is unconsciousness, the constant gnawing sense of having had and lost some infinite thing." -David Foster Wallace (This Is Water)

"Everybody worships. The only choice we get is what to worship." -David Foster Wallace (This Is Water)

"If you've really learned how to think, how to pay attention... It will actually be within your power to experience a [hellish] situation as not only meaningful but sacred." -David Foster Wallace (This Is Water)

"True wisdom is built on humility and gratitude." -Gordon B. Hinckley ()

"The obligation of anyone who thinks of himself as responsible is to examine society and try to change it." -James Baldwin (A Talk to Teachers)

"[Understanding is] a small step, nothing more, yet its rewards are intoxicating and deceptive." -David Sedaris (Me Talk Pretty One Day)

"Today will never come again." -Gordon B. Hinckley (Stand a little taller)

"Be tolerant, not to give in to your standards, but to move forward the cause of peace and goodness." -Gordon B. Hinckley ()

"Let every man esteem his brother as himself." -Joseph Smith (Doctrine & Covenants 38:24)

"You don't have to be related to be family." -Lessons learned from superheroes ()

"If you want to change the world, start with yourself." -Mohandas Gandhi ()

"Take pride in your work, because not everyone will." -Lessons learned from superheroes ()

"True strength is helping others find their own." -Lessons learned from superheroes ()

"Growing up is getting used to the world." -Rick Grimes (Walking Dead S5E10)

"Tragedy always strikes when one least expects it." -999 ()

"We can't do anything about the past. But we can do something about the future." -Jon (Garfield Comic 5/12/2004)

"You're the only one who can make you happy." -Ralph Bluetawn ()

"Faith opens the mind to possibility, but it is science that determines if said possibilities are true." -Luis Delaf ()

"But be ye doers, and not hearers only." -James (James 1:22)

"True love is not so much a matter of romance as it is a matter of anxious concern for the well-being of one's companion." -Gordon B. Hinckley (Stand a Little Taller)

"Adapt or die." -Rare Earth ()

"Don't let 'but' keep you in the corner." -pyro (whisper in st. George)

"If a man knoweth a thing he hath no cause to believe, for he knoweth it." -Alma (Alma 32:18)

"If your life has no problems, then you're not really living it." -Ryan Higa (Why video games are good for you)

"Everyone is terrified of everyone." -ProJared (Fire Red Nuzlocke)

"A great man is always misunderstood in his own time. But he must remain true to himself, even if those around him don't understand!" -Dir. Cosmos (Phoenix Wright: Dual Destinies)

"Love is the only force that can erase the differences between people- that can bridge chasms of bitterness." -Gordon B. Hinckley (Stand a Little Taller)

"In a sort of cosmic reincarnation, every atom in our bodies resided inside several different stars... and perhaps millions of different organisms. Planets, stars, and organisms come and go, but the chemical elements, recycled from body to body, are eternal." -Peter Ward & Donald Brownlee (Rare Earth)

"[A mistake is] something you believe is not a problem, and then you realize whoo. I shouldn't have done that." -Pascal Lamy (WTO Director General on This American Life)

"You learn by doing. Not when you're told." -Morgan Lanham (TV Production class)

"Chaos can't sustain itself. It never could. It's too easy and it's too unsatisfying." -Jon Stewart (post 9/11)

"Any fool can destroy." -Jon Stewart (post 9/11)

"Love is meant to be an adventure." -Gordon B. Hinckley ()

"Some [people] seem determined to make [life] more difficult than it should be." -Defensive Driving Course ()

"Blessed with hope, let us reach to lift hands which hang hopelessly down." -Neal A. Maxwell (Ensign Nov 1994 pg36)

"Hope is believing and expecting that something will occur." -Preach My Gospel pg117 ()

"They say bad things happen for a reason, but no wise words gonna stop the bleedin." -The Script (Breakeven)

"Anything you can dream you can make." -Jonathan Mann (We Will Climb The Tower You Build)

"A couple great friends completely outweighs hundreds of sorta-friends." -Grace Helbig ()

"Pride relates more to our opinion of ourselves, vanity to what we would have others think of us." -Mary (Pride & Prejudice)

"Every savage can dance." -Darcy (Pride & Prejudice)

"When I struggle hitting, I swing harder." -Dale Murphy ()

"Obedience is not evasion, it is invasion." -Neal A. Maxwell ()

"Fools mock, but they shall mourn." -Book of Mormon (Ether 12:25-26)

"Faith is things which are hoped for and not seen; wherefore, dispute not because ye see not, for ye receive no witness until after the trial of your faith." -Moroni (Ether 12:6)

"Art is about transcendence. Being more than animals; Rising above." -Doc (Walking Dead S5E4)

"How you ever gonna know what you believe in if you don't put it to the test?" -Garth Brooks (How you ever gonna know?)

"Why do ye adorn yourselves with that which hath no life, and yet suffer the hungry, and the needy, and the naked, and the sick and afflicted to pass by you, and notice them not?" -Mormon (mormon 9:39)

"We push ourselves to let things go. In the end, we let some more go, and some more, and pretty soon there's things we can't get back. Things we couldn't hold on to even if we tried." -Bob (Walking Dead S5E2)

"We're strong enough that we don't have to be afraid; we don't have to hide." -Carl (Walking Dead S5E2 Strangers)

"Everyone can't be bad." -Carl (Walking Dead S5E2 Strangers)

"Take therefore no thought for the morrow, for the morrow shall take thought for the things of itself." -Jesus (3 Nephi 13:34)

"Take no thought for your life, what ye shall eat, or what ye shall drink; nor yet for your body, what ye shall put on. Is not the life more than meat, and the body more than raiment?" -Jesus (3 Nephi 13:25)

"Do alms unto the poor; but take heed that ye do not your alms before other men to be seen of them." -Jesus (3 Nephi 13:1)

"Give to him that asketh thee, and from him that would borrow of thee turn not away." -Jesus (3 Nephi 12:42)

"Agree with thine adversary quickly." -Jesus Christ (3 Nephi 12:25)

"A guilty conscience is a small price to pay for safety." -Sisko (DS9: In The Pale Moonlight)

"I don't believe in the ‟No-win” scenario." -Captain Kirk (Star Trek 2: Wrath of Khan)

"If you continue to think negatively about your life, you will continue to have a negative life." -Hannah Hart (Hanging Out Tour:Hannah Hart, Author of My Drunk Kitchen)

"The inward vessel shall be cleansed first, and then shall the outer vessel be cleansed also." -Mormon (Alma 60:23)

"At the time we were contending among ourselves, if we had united our strength... We should have dispersed our enemies." -Mormon (Alma 60:16)

"Do not let us be slothful because of the easiness of the way." -Alma (Alma 37:46)

"By small and simple things are great things brought to pass; small means in many instances doth confound the wise." -Alma (Alma 37:6)

"Every man receiveth wages of him whom he listeth to obey." -Mormon (Alma 3:27)

"Are we all not beggars?" -Benjamin (Mosiah 4:19)

"If you believe all these things see that ye do them." -Benjamin (Mosiah 4:10)

"[Men] will not search knowledge, nor understand great knowledge... even as plain as word can be." -Nephi (2 Nephi 33:7)

"They who lead thee cause thee to err." -Isaiah (2 Nephi 13:12)

"Do not spend money for that which is of no worth." -Jacob (2 Nephi 9:51)

"The words of truth are hard" -Jacob (2 Nephi 9:40)

"[If] they are learned they think they are wise, their wisdom is foolishness and it profiteth them not." -Jacob (2 Nephi 9:28)

"Do not anger because of mine enemies." -Nephi (2 Nephi 4:29)

"Do not slacken my strength because of mine afflictions." -Nephi (2 Nephi 4:29)

"O wretched man that I am! Yea, my heart sorroweth because of my flesh; ...why should I yield to... my flesh?" -Nephi (2 Nephi 4:17&27)

"...men are, that they might have joy." -Lehi (2 Nephi 2:25)

"...a state of innocence, having no joy, for they knew no misery; doing no good, for they knew no sin." -Lehi (2 Nephi 2:23)

"All men ... were lost." -Lehi (2 Nephi 2:21)

"... the great and spacious building was the pride of the world; and it fell." -Nephi (1 Nephi 11:36)

"When you have faith in [someone], you trust [them] to follow [their] commands- even when you do not completely understand the reasons for them." Preach My Gospel (Christlike Attributes)

"Just as vital as what you do is who you are." -Preach My Gospel (Christlike Attributes)

"There's a difference between life and living your life." -Invisibilia (batman)

"A bed is a lectern, a pedestal, an altar, a rack, a boxing ring, a cavern of blankets, a spotlit stage, a trampoline, a nest, a grave." -Bernard Cooper (Bill from my Father)

"The only thing worse than near-death experiences are near-life experiences-- merely going through the motions of being alive, every taste and color blunted, libido flagging, zest at an ebb-- commonly reported across the country." -Bernard Cooper(Bill from my Father)

"If you continually give, you will continually have." -Fortune Cookie (Panda Express)

"Is this what people are to each other, a flurry of demands that can't be met, hurts for which there's no restitution?" -Bernard Cooper (bill from my Father)

"There are plenty of worse things than growing old. Such as not growing old." -Bernard Cooper (Bill from my father)

"Technology comes to make our lives easier, not our choices. The problem comes when we forget that." -Adam Jensen (Deus Ex HR)

"The art of losing isn't hard to master." -Elizabeth Bishop (One Art)

"Me, Myself, and I, that's who a person can depend on in the end. Someday, you'll look around and shout, ‟Hello?” and your own voice will echo back. The sooner you get that through your head the better." -Edward Cooper (Bill from my Father)

"A frozen steak never fed the hungry." -Edward Cooper (Bill from my Father)

"Absolute freedom is no better than chaos." -Adam Jensen (Deus Ex Human Revolution)

"It's in our nature to rise above our limits." Adam Jensen (Deus Ex Human Revolution)

"Change never comes without pain." -Adam Jensen (Final Line of Deus Ex Human Revoltuion)

"We're all pawns in someone else's plan." -Quinn (Deus Ex Human Revolution)

"Risking is living." -Yaddah_Gold (Whisper)

"To invite someone to act, you need to direct them without taking over. Which is hard to do." -David A.  Bednar (Invite them to Act)

"Fear = Thinking + Time" -Invisibilia (Fearless)

"Your life isn't about rights. It's about responsibility." -Mr. Berkowitz (Year of Living Biblically) 

"In a world of no humanity, strive to be human." - (The Purkeu Avot: Values of Our Fathers)

"Do not pay attention to every word people say, or you may hear your servant cursing you. For you know in your heart that many times you yourself have cursed others." -Qoheleth (Ecclesiastes 7:21-22 NIRV)

"We are who we choose to be." -Ky Berrett  ()

"Know what you do matters." -Mission Prep (that one lady)

"Talent is a pursued interest. In other words, anything that you're willing to practice, you can do." -Bob Ross ()

"Everybody will die. Just make sure you put on the right shoes when it happens." -Alpha Tribe Motto (Tribal Wars)

"Failures are just stepping stones to success." -Brennon Bellon ()

"To improve requires you to change." -Bishop Collins ()

"You will hate something about every job/career- even your dream job. That being said, you can love anything- even a job you hate." -Mr. Reese (Ap Eng Lang)

"Expectation rises with attainment." -John Kenneth Galbraith (The Dependence Effect)

"A good job requires a field of action where you can put your best capacities to work and see an effect in the world. Academic Credentials do not guarantee this." -Matthew B. Crawford (The Case for Working with your hands)

"For, truly, the man who does not know when to die, does not know when to live." -John Ruskin (The Roots of Honor)

"Sacrifice is a choice you make. Loss is a choice made for you." -Roth (Tomb Raider 2013)

"Stories bring people we lost into the present and allow us to share them with others who never knew them" -Lea Thau (strangers: screaming with friends)

"The Good old days are actually right now. These are the good old days." -Bill Ratner (strangers: screaming with professionals)

"The best way to sort out the truth is to listen to what people have to say... our words really do matter" -Andy Morgan, Forensics Psychologist at Yale (Criminal ep 2)

"One of the great fears among a life of great fears, perhaps the last great fear is the fear of being no longer useful. We find a role in life, and we do that role to the best of our ability for as long as that ability is there. But all of us — even me, dear listeners — will someday hit a point where we no longer are able to do that thing that we define ourselves by doing. And more than the fear of injury, more than the fear of death, this is the fear that looms. The loss of self." -Cecil (Nightvale 52)

"Fear is what happens when a thing that has always behaved one way does not behave that way at all." -Carlos (Nightvale ep 51)

"Some days things turn out wrong. Never found out why." -Hortense Laborie (Haute Cuisine)

"Adversity. Adversity keeps me going. The spice of life." -Le President (Haute Cuisine)

"Today is just a blip in time of what life is." -Bronco Mendenhall ()

"There is greatness in us all- we just need to help each other see it." -Brad Reneer()

"There is no such thing as small things" -Swingpoynt (Who is Larry the cat?)

"Knowledge may be terrible. But we can only prefer it to ignorance. Light may be terrible, but we can only prefer it to the dark." -Cecil (nightvale episode 50)

"Be proud of your place in the cosmos. It is small. But it is!" -Cecil (nightvale episode 49)

"You have destroyed so much... tell me what it is that you have created? Can you name even one thing?" -Dr. Breen (Half Life 2 Episode 1)

"Do not be defined by how you died, but how you lived." -Tameka Williams (nightvale ep 49)

"Quite. That's the definition. You just gave a very good definition of a mistake. Something you believe is not a problem and then you realize, whooo, I shouldn't have done that." -Pascal Lamy ()

"The thoughts of what you were should give you courage and dignity." -Nelly (Wuthering Heights)

"History and events turn on the greatness and sometimes the smallness of men" -Mount Rushmore Audio Tour () 

"Not every death is the end of a well lived life" -Ira Glass (This American Life ep 523 death and taxes)

"One should never leave a hello unrecieved." -Cecil (Nightvale Ep. 42)

"Within our limitations, There is no limit to how beautiful we can become, how much of our ideal self we can create. All the beauty in the world was made in the oppressive limitations of time and death and impermanence." -Cecil (Nightvale Ep. 42)

"Don't worry about the numbers, worry about how wonderful it is." -Alex Nuffer ()

"Age just reveals the facts that always were. Experience just reveals the you that always was." -Cecil (Nightvale Ep 44)

"Sad is not the land that had no hero. Sad is the land that needs a hero." -Tameka Williams (Nightvale Ep. 46)

"We all chose to stand down, and hope change would be won for us, and not by us! By someone else, we believed. A hero, we believed. But belief is step one. Action is step two. Fighting for what you believe is step two. Solidarity is step two. Unity is step two. We did not take step two today, Night Vale! And now there will be no step three!" -Cecil (Nightvale ep. 46)

"Keep these sayings, for they are true and faithful;" -Joseph Smith (Doctrine & Covenants 66:11)